docs: disable properly galera-autofix during an upgrade (#6320)
inverse-inc/packetfence: docs/PacketFence_Upgrade_Guide.asciidoc

/usr/local/pf/bin/pfcmd service pfcron restart
----

> ===== Disabling galera-autofix (for PF versions 10.0 and later)

Reviewer: PF -> PacketFence

Reviewer: versions -> version

> ===== Disabling the automatic clustering resolution service (for PF versions 10.0 and later)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
===== Disabling galera-autofix (for PF versions 10.0 and later)
```

> You should disable `galera-autofix` service in configuration to prevent resolution of cluster issues during upgrade.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You should disable the `galera-autofix` service in the configuration to disabled the automated resolution of cluster issues during the upgrade.
```

> In order to do, go in _Configuration->System Configuration->Services_ and disable the `galera-autofix` service.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In order to do so, go in _Configuration->System Configuration->Services_ and disable the `galera-autofix` service.
```

/usr/local/pf/bin/pfcmd service pfcron restart
----

> ===== Reactivate the automatic clustering resolution service

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
===== Reactivate galera-autofix
```

> You now need to reactivate and restart the `galera-autofix` service so that its aware that all the members of the cluster are online again.

Reviewer: its -> it's
